[GSoC] [WIP] PipeWire support (#16590)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CMakeLists.txt

target_include_directories(mixxx-lib SYSTEM PUBLIC lib/portaudio)
target_link_libraries(mixxx-lib PRIVATE PortAudioRingBuffer)

# PipeWire

> default_option(PIPEWIRE "Enable the PipeWire backend" "LINUX")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default_option(PIPEWIRE "Enable the PipeWire backend" "UNIX AND NOT APPLE")
```

if(PIPEWIRE)
  find_package(PkgConfig REQUIRED)

>   if(PKG_CONFIG_FOUND)

Reviewer: please move this to the cmake/modules folder. We need one file for libpipewire the libspa part can be probably be integrated?

Author: If detecting through pkg-config like here, libspa is automatically included, it is required package by libpipewire.

Reviewer: It failed in my case Ubuntu Jammy (dropped for main, I know) I need to double check for others. 
In any case we use these find modules.

Reviewer: The libspa flags are in a separate PC file: 
https://github.com/PipeWire/pipewire/blob/b5555cc3f650d534f80873a094f99defeb2ec897/src/pipewire/meson.build#L124

Author: Hmm, perhaps its not a required dependency in pipewire's PC file on some platforms (on my distro pkg-config gives flags for libspa as well along with libpipewire), we can add libspa separately. Do I keep the detection like how it happens currently, using pkg-config, or add a manual fallback as well?

Reviewer: I have never understood why all of these find fils have the manual fall back. 
In this case pkgconfig is part of the upstream project so we can skip the fallback IMHO

target_include_directories(mixxx-lib SYSTEM PUBLIC lib/portaudio)
target_link_libraries(mixxx-lib PRIVATE PortAudioRingBuffer)

# PipeWire

> default_option(PIPEWIRE "Enable the PipeWire backend" "UNIX AND NOT APPLE AND NOT ANDROID")

Reviewer 2: Please disable Pipewire by default!
[The proposal](https://github.com/mixxxdj/proposals/pull/19) is still not approved and thus we shouldn't make this feature available till we agreed we want to keep it such a way.

CC @mixxxdj/developers

Reviewer 3: (just stumbled upon this because I don't have libpipewire-3, yet)

I agree. Default off until it's mature / safe/polished enough for test use.

Author: done: #16713

Reviewer: @ronso0 we require actually `libpipewire-0.3` 
Was it just a typo and you have `libpipewire-0.3` or is there a distro out there that does not provide it? 
I am asking because then we may adjust the CMake code accordingly.

Reviewer 3: Yes, libpipewire-0.3
Just set the flag to Off until I update my distro.
If I require it before that I'll find a way.

Reviewer: Ah, no problem we can make Pipwire optional, depending on the existence of that file.

Author: Heads up [this](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/pull/16707/changes/e854085525b692d6e16a3a68b60680787d8b9412) makes pipewire dependency optional, it is compiled in by default (helpful for CI) and pipewire features can be accessed by `--developer` flag. Is that fine?
